README.md, before:

![CS121 Banner](images/CS121-BANNER.svg)
# Module 2 Lab Guide (part 2)
[Lab Introduction Video](https://boisestate.hosted.panopto.com/Panopto/Pages/Viewer.aspx?id=535641ef-10e0-45ee-ae71-ae24018a8727&start=0)

## Lab Activity 2 - HMSConverter
### Problem Description
Write an application that prompts the user for integer values that represent a time duration in hours, minutes, and seconds, and then calculates and prints the equivalent total number of seconds. For example, 1 hours, 28 minutes, 42 seconds is equivalent to 5322 seconds.  The program should use a Scanner to read input from the user. It is helpful to work out the arithmetic equiation on paper before attempting to write the code. Your program should match the expected output below.

#### Expected Program Output (with sample user input)
```
Enter the number of hours: 1
Enter the number of minutes: 28
Enter the number of seconds: 42

Total seconds: 5322
```

### Impementation Guide
1. Expand the folder named HMSConverter and create a new file named HMSConverter.java
2. Design a program to satisfy the requirements in the Problem Description and enter the program code in HMSConverter.java
3. Test the program with the sample user input using the run link above the main method
4. Commit the changes to your local repository with a message stating that Lab Activity 2 is completed.
5. Push the changes from your local repository to the github classroom repository.

## Lab Activity 3 - SecondsConverter
### Problem Description
Create a version of the previous activity that reverses the computation.  That is, read a value from the user representing a number of seconds, and then print the equivalent amount of time as a combination of hours, minutes, and seconds. For example, 9999 seconds is equivalent to 2 hours, 46 minutes, and 39 seconds. The program should use a Scanner to read input from the user. It is helpful to work out the arithmetic equiation on paper before attempting to write the code. Your program should match the expected output below.

#### Expected Program Output (with sample user input)
```
Enter the number of seconds: 9999

Hours: 2
Minutes: 46
Seconds: 39
```
### Impementation Guide
1. Expand the folder named SecondsConverter and create a new file named SecondsConverter.java
2. Design a program to satisfy the requirements in the Problem Description and enter the program code in SecondsConverter.java
3. Test the program with the sample user input using the run link above the main method
4. Commit the changes to your local repository with a message stating that Lab Activity 3 is completed.
5. Push the changes from your local repository to the github classroom repository.

Commit message:

Added open the workspace message

README.md, after:

![CS121 Banner](images/CS121-BANNER.svg)
# Module 2 Lab Guide (part 2)
[Lab Introduction Video](https://boisestate.hosted.panopto.com/Panopto/Pages/Viewer.aspx?id=535641ef-10e0-45ee-ae71-ae24018a8727&start=0)

**NOTE: Please remember to [open the workspace](images/open-lab-workspace.png) before beginning on the lab activities** 

## Lab Activity 2 - HMSConverter
### Problem Description
Write an application that prompts the user for integer values that represent a time duration in hours, minutes, and seconds, and then calculates and prints the equivalent total number of seconds. For example, 1 hours, 28 minutes, 42 seconds is equivalent to 5322 seconds.  The program should use a Scanner to read input from the user. It is helpful to work out the arithmetic equiation on paper before attempting to write the code. Your program should match the expected output below.

#### Expected Program Output (with sample user input)
```
Enter the number of hours: 1
Enter the number of minutes: 28
Enter the number of seconds: 42

Total seconds: 5322
```

### Impementation Guide
1. Expand the folder named HMSConverter and create a new file named HMSConverter.java
2. Design a program to satisfy the requirements in the Problem Description and enter the program code in HMSConverter.java
3. Test the program with the sample user input using the run link above the main method
4. Commit the changes to your local repository with a message stating that Lab Activity 2 is completed.
5. Push the changes from your local repository to the github classroom repository.

## Lab Activity 3 - SecondsConverter
### Problem Description
Create a version of the previous activity that reverses the computation.  That is, read a value from the user representing a number of seconds, and then print the equivalent amount of time as a combination of hours, minutes, and seconds. For example, 9999 seconds is equivalent to 2 hours, 46 minutes, and 39 seconds. The program should use a Scanner to read input from the user. It is helpful to work out the arithmetic equiation on paper before attempting to write the code. Your program should match the expected output below.

#### Expected Program Output (with sample user input)
```
Enter the number of seconds: 9999

Hours: 2
Minutes: 46
Seconds: 39
```
### Impementation Guide
1. Expand the folder named SecondsConverter and create a new file named SecondsConverter.java
2. Design a program to satisfy the requirements in the Problem Description and enter the program code in SecondsConverter.java
3. Test the program with the sample user input using the run link above the main method
4. Commit the changes to your local repository with a message stating that Lab Activity 3 is completed.
5. Push the changes from your local repository to the github classroom repository.
